docs: add log signal release note and update docs (#10126)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/experiment-config-reference.rst

language syntax). For more information about the syntax, you can visit this `RE2 reference page
<https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax>`__. Each log policy can have the following fields:

> -  ``name``: Required. A name for the log policy. This name will be displayed as a label in the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``name``: Required. The name of the log policy, displayed as a label in the UI
```

>    when the log policy matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   when a log match occurs.
```

> -  ``pattern``: Optional. It is required to provide a regex pattern to match in the logs unless the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``pattern``: Optional. Defines a regex pattern to match log entries. If not specified, this policy is disabled.
```

>    intention is to disable an existing policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. code:: yaml

   log_policies:
     - name: ECC Error
       pattern: ".*uncorrectable ECC error encountered.*"
       action: exclude_node
     - name: CUDA OOM
       pattern: ".*CUDA out of memory.*"
       action: cancel_retries

When a log policy matches, its name will be displayed as a label in the WebUI, allowing for easy
identification of specific issues during a run. These labels will appear in both the run table and

> run detail views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run detail views.
```
